# 새로 배운 것
#
#
# 10. What Are Margins and Padding, and How Do They Work?
- Margin and Padding are essential properties in CSS for creating well-structured, readable and visually apealing web pages.
- Margin : It controls the space outside an element, helping to separate it from other elements and define the layout structure. 
- Padding : It controls the space inside an element, improving content readability and aesthetic appeal. 
It adds spacing between the content and its border.
- example for margin
    <p>Paragraph one</p>
    <p>Paragraph two</p>
    <p>Paragraph three</p>

 To apply spacing to the top of each paragraph, you can use the margin-top property like this:
    p {
    margin-top: 20px;
    border: 2px solid black;
    }
In the above, we applied 20px of margin only to the top of each paragraph element. And also, black border on all four sides.

- margin properties
 a. margin-top
 b. margin-right
 c. margin-bottom
 d. margin-left

- You can use the margin with shorthand notation. You can specify one, two, three, or four values at one time.
 p {
    margin: 10px;
 }
This will add 10 px margin on four side of paragraph.

 p {
    margin: 10px 20px 30px;
 }
This will set the margin to 10 px for the top, 20px for the left and right, 30px for the bottom.

 p {
    margin: 10px 20px 30px 40px;
 }
10px for top, 20 for right, 30for bottom, 40for left.

- example for padding
 <span>Paragraph one</span>
<p>Paragraph two</p>
<span>Paragraph three</span>

p {
  padding-top: 10px;
  padding-right: 20px;
  padding-bottom: 30px;
  padding-left: 40px;
  border: 2px solid black;
}