# 새로 배운 것
#
## 5. What Are Examples of tree-structural Pseudo-Classes? 
- ~ Continued by yesterday 
8. :nth-of-type(n) : It select specific element within its parent based on its position among siblings of the same type. 
- p:nth-of-type(2) {
  color: red;
  font-weight: bold;
    }
9. :first-of-type, :last-of-type : It select the first and last occurrence of a specific element type within its parent.
- section p:first-of-type {
  background-color: lightgreen;
    }
section p:last-of-type {
  background-color:lightblue;
    }
10. :only-of-type : It selects an element if it's the only one of its type within its parent. This can be useful for emphasizing single items or ensuring that they are styled differently when they're not part of a group.
#
## 6. What Are Examples of Functional Pseudo-classes?
- Functional Pseudo-classes allow you to selec elements based on more complex conditions or relationships. 
- Examples of functional pseudo-classes : 
    :is()
    :where()
    :has()
    :not()
1. :is() : It is useful when you want to style a group of elements that share some, but not all, characteristics. 
When several elements are added in the parenthesis, its specificity follows the highest one. 
    - Example of using :is()
        :is(button, a.button, input[type='submit'], input[type='reset']) {
        background-color: darkblue;
        color: white;
        border: 1px solid darkblue;
        padding: 10px 20px;
        text-decoration: none;
        border-radius: 5px;
        cursor: pointer;
        display: inline-block;
        margin: 5px;
        font-size: 16px;
        text-align: center;
        }

        :is(button, a.button, input[type='submit'], input[type='reset']):hover {
        background-color: blue;
        border-color: blue;
        }
2. :where() : It is similer to :is(), But the difference is that :where() doesn't have any affect to elemnts specificity. Specificity is alwsays considered as 0.
3. :has() : It allows you to apply styles to a parent element based on the presence or state of its child elements.
 - Example : 
 article:has(h2) {
  border: 2px solid hotpink;
    }
    In the above, the CSS will only apply to any article element that has an h2 in it.
4. :not() : This is ideal for situations where you wnat to apply styles to a group of elements, excluding one or more specific exceptions.
## 7. What Are Pseudo-elements, and How Do they Work?
- Pseudo means not real, so the pseudo-elements means that they are virtual or synthetic elements that don't directly match any actual HTML elements. They allow you to style specific parts of an element or insert content  without adding extra HTML.
- To apply a pseudo0element, attach it to the original element's selector using a double colon(::). 
- basic syntax
    selector::pseudo-element {
  property: value;
    }
- Pseudo-elements allow you to style specific parts of an element's content or insert content before or after it, but they cannot exist independently. They have to attached to its originating element.
- Example : 
    - .cta-button::before {
        content: "⭐";
        position: absolute;
        left: 3px;
        top: 8px;
        font-size: 0.75rem;
        }
        1. ::before : It allows you to insert contents you wish to before something. 
        2. content : It represent the content that you want to insert.
   - .cta-button::after {
        content: '➡️';
        position: absolute;
        right: 5px;
        bottom: 6px;
        font-size: 1.125rem;
        transition: transform 0.3s ease;
        }
         1. ::after : Oposite to ::before.
         2. transition : It is used to animate changes over 0.3 seconds with an easing effect, creating a smooth and gradual transformation rather than a sudden one. 
    - .cta-button:hover::after {
        transform: translateX(2px);
        }
        1. translateX(2px) : It makes the content gets pushed to the right by 2px any time the user hovers on the button.
    - p::first-letter {
        font-size: 4rem;
        }
        1. ::first-letter : It decorates the first letter of a paragraph.
    - li::marker {
        color: crimson;
        font-size: 1.5em;
        font-weight: bold;
        }
        1. ::marker : It changes the list item's marker color and size.
#
#
# Working with Colors in CSS
#
## 1. What Are Linear and Radial Gradients, and How Do They Work in CSS?
1. Linear-gradient(direction, color1, color2)
    - Value of direction can be to right, to left, to top, to bottom  or even specific angle.
    - You can add more than 2 colors for sure.
    - .multi-color-gradient {
  background: linear-gradient(to right, red, yellow, blue);
  height: 40vh;
    }
2. Radial-gradient(starting point, color1, color2)
    - You can select where the radial gradient starts.
    - .custom-radial-gradient {
    background: radial-gradient(ellipse at top left, red, blue);
    height: 40vh;
    }




