# 새로 배운 것
#
# Using appearance: none for Inputs
- Browsers apply default styling to a lot of elements. The appearance: none CSS property gives you complete control over the styling, but comes with some caveats. When building custom styles for input elements, you will need to make sure focus and error indicators are still present.
#
#
# Working with CSS Transforms, Overflow, and Filters
#
## 1. What Is Overflow in CSS, and How Does It Work?
- Overflow refers to the way elements handle content that exceeds or overflows the size of the containing element. 
- Overflow is two-dimensional, the x-azis determines horizontal overflow, and the y-axis determines vertical overflow.
#
## 2. What Is the CSS Transform Property, and How Does It Work?
- The CSS transform property is a powerful tool that allows you to modify the visual presentation of elements on your webpage without affecting the layout of other elements.
1. translate : It moves an element from its current position.
- .box {
  width: 200px;
  height: 200px;
  background-color: red;
  transform: translate(50px, 100px);
    }
 This CSS rule will move the element with the class box 50pixels to the right and 100pixels down from its original position. 
2. rotate : It ratates an element around a fixed point.
- transform: rotate(45deg);
3. scale : It allows you to change the size of an element. 
- transform: scale(1.5, 2);
    this will make the element one and a half times wider and twice as tall as its original size.
- You can declare all in once like this :
 transform: translate(50px, 50px) rotate(45deg) scale(1.5);
#
## 3. What Is Margin Collapsing, and How Does It Work?
- This behavior occurs when the vertical margins of adjacent elements overlap, resulting in a single margin equal to the larger of the two.
- If margins added together, the larger margin wins and determines the space between the elements.
- Margins can also collapse between a parent element and its first or last child.  
- If an element has no content, padding, or border, its top and bottom margins can collapse into a single margin.
#
## 4. What Is the Difference Between content-box and border-box?
- box-sizing : content-box;
- box-sizing : border-box;
- These properties can be set on the universal selector(*) to apply to all the elements in the document. 
- In the content-box model, the width and height that you set for an element determines the dimensions of the content area but they don't include the padding, border or margin. You should use content-box when you need to have precise control over the dimensions of the content area. Total width equals the total width plus the padding left, plus padding right, plus border left, plus berder right. 
- with border-box the width and height of an element include the content area, the padding, and the border, but they don't include the margin. You should use border-box when you need to keep a fixed element size regardless of changes in padding or borders. It's also helpful for responsive web design because the content area will adjust automatically to fit the dimentsions.
#
## 5. What Is the CSS Filter Property, and What Are Common Examples?
- The filter property can be used to create various effects, such as blurring, color shifting, and contrast adjustments. 
- Basic syntax for a filter property : 
 selector {
  filter: function(amount);
    }
 Function represents the specific filter effect you wnat to apply, and amount is typically a value that determines the intensity of the effect.
- img {
  filter: blur(5px);
 }
- There are effects like blur, grayscale, brightness, sepia and hue-rotate.
- You can declare several effects in one declare.
