# 새로 배운 것
#
## 3. What Are Examples of Input Pseudo-classes?
1. :required : It targets input element that have the required attribute. It signals to the user that must fill out the field to submit the form.
- input:required {
  border: 2px solid orange;
}
2. :valid : When validatin forms, you can use this to style the input fields that meet the validation criteria, and : invalid to meet the oposite. 
- input:valid {
  border-color: green;
}
3. :disabled
- .text-input:disabled {
  background-color: lightgray;
  cursor: not-allowed;
}
4. :autofill : applies styles to input fields that the browser automatically fills with saved data.
5. :optional : syles input elements that are not required and can be left empty.
6. :in-range and :out-of-range : style elements based on whether their values are within or outside specified range constraints.
7. :focus : It targets an element which a user selects or clicks on it. 
#
## 4. What Are Examples of Location Pseudo-classes?
- Locaton pseudo-classes are used for styling links and elements that are targeted within the current document.
- Examples of location pseudo-classes : 
 1. :link
 2. :visited
 3. :any-link : It is a combination of the :link and :visited pseudo-classes. Visited or not.
 4. :local-link : It targets link that point to the same document. Currently, no browser supports the :local-link pseudo-classes.
 5. :target : It selects an element that matches the current URL fragment identifier, for example, #section1. It's very useful for pages with in-page navigation.
  for example : 
    <nav id="table-of-contents">
    <ul>
        <li><a href="#section1">Introduction</a></li>
        <li><a href="#section2">Features</a></li>
    </ul>
    </nav>

    <section id="section1">
    <h2>Introduction</h2>
    <p>This is the introduction section.</p>
    </section>

    <section id="section2">
    <h2>Features</h2>
    <p>This section describes the features.</p>
    </section>

    section:target {
  background-color: green;
  border: 2px solid green;
  padding: 10px;
    }
 When the user clicks on one of the navigation links, the background color for that respective section will change to green.


 6. :target-within
#
## 5. What Are Examples of Tree-structural Pseudo-classes?
1. :root : It helps you target the highest level in the document so you can apply a common style to the entire document. Usually the root html element.
    - :root {
  background: black;
  color: aliceblue;
    }       
    It's also used in setting CSS variables. 
 :root {
  --main-font: 'Arial, sans-serif';
  --primary-color: blue; 
  --secondary-color: green; 
    }
2. :empty : Empty elements are also included in the document tree. list item that nothing written in it is also an empty element.
    - :empty {
  display: none;
    } 
    This hides empty elements.
3. :nth-child(n) : It allows you to select elements based on their position within a parent. The n can be a specific number or a keyword like odd or even.
4. :nth-last-child(n) : Same as the nth-child(n) pseudo-class, but it counts from the end.
5. :first-child : Selects the first element in a parent element or the document.
6. :last-child
7. :only-child : Selects elements with a single child.


