# 새로 배운 것
#
# Working with Relative and Absolute Units
#
## 1. What Are Percentages in CSS, and When Should You Use Them?
- Percentages in CSS are relatve units that allow you to define size, dimensions, and other properties as a proportion of their parent element.
- .center-me {
  position: absolute;
  top: 50%;
  transform: translateY(-50%);

  width: 300px;
  height: 300px;
  background-color: red;
}
 This code positions the element 50% from the top of its container, than uses transform to move it back up by half its own heightl, centering it vertically.
 #
 #
 ## 1. What Are ems and rems in CSS, and When Should You Use Them?
 - ems and rems are relative units in CSS.
 - em units are relative to the font size of the element.
 - .para {
  font-size: 20px;
  margin-bottom: 1.5em;
  border: 2px solid red;
}

.blue-box {
  background-color: blue;
  color: white;
  padding: 10px;
}
For the para class, 1.5 em means that the margin will be 1.5 times the font size of the paragraph element. 
If you delete the font-size property from the para class, then the margin will be 1.5 times the font size of the parent class.
- When you work with moduler, using em would be helpful. All aspects of the component (such as padding, margin, and borders) will be scaled proportionally with the font size.
- rem unit is relative to the font size of the root element, which is the html element.
- .para {
  font-size: 1.2rem;
  margin-bottom: 1.5em;
  border: 2px solid red;
} 
The font size of the paragraph element will be 1.2 times the font size of the root element.
- rem units are preferred over pixels for typography because they scale proportionally with the user's browser settings. 
#
#
## 2. What Are vh and vw Units, and When Should You Use Them?
- vh and vw are viewport-relative units that allow you to size element based on the dimensions of the browser window. These units are useful when adapting to different screen sizes.
- vh : It stands for viewport height. 1vh is equal to 1% of the viewport's height.
- vw: It stands for viewport width. 1vw is equal to 1% of the viewport's width.
- On mobile devices, the viewport height can change when the browser's address bar appears or disappears, which can cause unexpected layout shifts.

