# Working with Attribute Selectors
#
## 1. What Is the Attribute Selector, and How Can It Be Used to Targer Links with the href and title Attributes?
- An attribute selector in CSS is a powerful toll that allows you to target HTML elements based on their attributes. 
- You can apply styles to elements that have specific attributes or even certain values for those attributes.
- For example, you can use the attribute selector to target all links that have an href attribute. This is expecially handy when you want to apply a uniform style to all links on a page.
- a[href] {
  color: blue;
  text-decoration: underline;
    }   
 This will apply a blue color and and underline to any link that includes an href attribute.

- You can also style links that have both href and title attributes.
- a[href][title] {
  color: green;
    }
 It only targets anchor elements with both href and title attributes.
- Another example for an attribute selector is to match a single value within a space-separated list of values in an attribute.
- <a href="https://example.com" class="btn primary large">Visit Example Site</a>
 To target this specific anchor element, you can use the followiing selector: 
 a[class~="primary"] {
  color: red;
  font-weight: bold;
 }
The [attr~="value] syntax is used here to target all anchor elements where the class attribute contains the word "primary"
- If you need to target an element where the attribute value is prefixed by a specific value, then you can use the [attr^=value] syntax.
- a[href^="https://"] {
  color: green;
  text-decoration: underline;
}
 This will target all anchor elements where the href attribute value starts with "https://"
- Simillar to above, [attr$=value] selector will target all anchor elements where the href attribute value ends with specific value.
## 2. How to Use the Attribute Selector to Target Elements with the lang and data-lang Attributes?
- When building multilingual websites or handling custom data attributes, you often need to style elements based on the language they contain or specific data values.
- The lang and data-lang attributes are commonly used for these purposes.
- The lang attribute is used in HTMl to speccify the language of the content whithin an element. 
- p[lang="en"] {
  font-style: italic;
}
 This CSS rule applies italic styling to any paragraph element where the lang attribute is set to English(en).
- The data-lang attribute is commonly used to store additional information in elements. such as specifying the language used within a specific section of text.
- div[data-lang="fr"] {
  color: blue;
}
# 3. How to Use the Attrbute Selector to Target ordered List Elements with the type Attribute?
- The type attribute can be set on an ol elemnet to control the numburing format: 
 - 1. for numerical lists
 - A for uppercase alphabetical lists
 - a for lowercase alphabetical lists
 - I for uppercase Roman numerals
 - i for lowercase Roman numerals
- ol[type="A"] {
  color: purple;
  font-weight: bold;
}

- More CSS rules I learned through a workshop.
    - aria-hidden : It makes the contents not to detected by the users with a screenreader.
    - CSS clip property : It is used to define the visible portions of an element. 
    - clip-path property determines the shape the clip property should take.
    - border-collapse: collapse : It allow cell borders to collapse into a single border.
    - vertical-align property : It aligns texts vertically. If horizontally aligning, you can use text-align property.