# 새로 배운 것
#
## 3. What Is the Calc() Function, and How Does It Work?
- With the calc() function, you can perform calculations directlly within your stylesheets to determine property values dynamically.
- calc() is a CSS function.
- calc(expression)
- like this :   width: calc(50% - 20px);
- You can determine the value of a CSS property dynamically based on different aspects of the application or viewport.
- Subtraction ( - ) operator must be surrounded by whitespace.
- If you're using subtraction operator, you also have to add units.
- If you're using division or multiplication operators(%, *), you need to omit one of those units.
- calc(50% / 5)
- calc(5 * 50px) like these.
#
#
# Working with Pseudo-Classes and Pseudo-Elements in CSS
## 1. What Are Pseudo-classes, and How Do They Work?
- Pseudo-classes are special CSS keywords that allow you to select an element based on its specific state or position.
- The element's state or position could include : 
1. When it's active :active
2. When it's being hovered over by a mouse. :hover
3. When it's the first child of a parent. :first-child
4. when it's the last child of a parent. :last-child
5. When a link has been visited. :visited
6. When it's disabled. :disabled
- and more.
#
#
## 2. What Are Examples of Element User Action Pseudo-classes?
- :focus  : It can apply styles when an element gains focus, typically through keyboard navigator or when a user clicks into a form input.
- :checked  : It allows to style form element such as checkboxes and radio buttons when they are checked. 
- :focus-within : for applying styles to an element when it or any of its decendants have focus.
- :enabled : for targeting form buttons or other elements that are currently enabled.
- :target : for applying styles to an element that is the target of a URL fragment. (#id)
