# 새로 배운 것
#
#
# 4. What Is the Specificity for Type Selectors?
- Type selector has relatively low specificity. (0,0,0,1)
#
#
# 5. What Is the Specificity for Class Selectors?
- Class selector has a higher specificity than type but lower than ID selectors and inline styles. (0,0,1,0)
- It can be combined with other selectors. 
- p.highlight {
  font-weight: bold;
}
 This rule applies only to p elements that also have the highlight class. 
- Combined one has a higher specificity than normal class selector.
#
#
# 6. What Is the Specificity for ID Selectors?
- ID selectors are among the most powerful selectors in CSS.(0,1,0,0)
#
#
# 7. What Is the important Keyword, and What Are the Best Practices for Using It?
- !important : It is used to give a style rule the highest priority.
- When used, it forces the browser to apply the specified style, regardless of the specificity of other selectors. 
- Use of !important keyword
.para {
  background-color: black !important;
  color: white !important;
}
- You can also use it when you don't have control over the original CSS, by giving a priority to third-party libraries.
#
#
#  8. How Does the Cascade Algorithm Work at a High Level?
- Casacade algorithm : It is the process the browser uses to decide which CSS rules to apply when there are multiple styles targeting the same element.
- When two rules have the same specificity, the one that appears last in the CSS will be applied.
#
#
# 9. How Does Inheritance Work with CSS at a High Level?
- Child element inherits the parent elements properties. But not all properties are inherited by default. For examples, properties like color, font-family, and line-height are inherited.
- On the other hand, properties like margin, padding, border, and background are not inherited by default.
- inherit keyword can be used to force inheritance of a property from a parent element, even if that property is not normarlly inherited.
- <div style="padding: 20px;">
  This is the parent element with padding.
  <p style="padding: inherit;">This is the child element inheriting the padding.</p>
    </div>
#
#
#
# Styling Lists and Links
#
# 1. How Do You Space List Items Using margin or Line-height?
- Margins can be used to create space between list items by applying margin properties to the li elements. 
- li {
  margin-bottom: 40px;
}
- Inline height property adjusts the vertical spacing between lines of text within a single list item.
- li {
  line-height: 2; 
}
In above, line-height: 2; sets the line height to be twice the font size.
#
#
# 2. How Do the Different list-style Properties Work?
- list-style property is used to control the appearance of lists on a webpage. 
- list-style-type : It allows you to define the type of bullet point or number used in a list.
- <ul style="list-style-type: square;">
  <li>Item 1</li>
  <li>Item 2</li>
  <li>Item 3</li>
</ul>
- list-style-position : It controls the position of the bullet or number in relation to the list item’s content. There's two values, inside and outside. If you use the inside value, the second line and more will be started right under the bullet point.
- list-style-image : It allows you to use an image as the bullet point.
- <head>
  <style>
    ul {
      list-style-image: url('freeCodeCamp-logo.svg');
      list-style-position: inside;
    }
  </style>

- you can combine the three properties into list-style property.

- In a shorthand property
<ul style="list-style: square inside url('https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/cat-photo-app/relaxing-cat.jpg');">
  <li>Item 1</li>
  <li>Item 2</li>
  <li>Item 3</li>
</ul>

#
#
# 3. Why Are Default Link Styles Important for Usabillity on the Web?
- Defalut setting of link
a:link {
  color: blue;
  text-decoration: underline;
}

a:visited {
  color: purple;
}
- When customizing a link styles, always prioritize users experience by distinguishing them from background color.
#
#
# 4. How Do You Style the Different Link States?
- You can style link states by using pseudo-classes in CSS.
- Pseudo-class is a tag attached to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element.
- a:link : styles unvisited link.
- a:visited : styles visited link.
- a:hover : styles link in a hover state.
- a:focus : add an outline around a link when navigated by keyboard.
- a:active : changes the link's style when clicked.
#
#
# Working with Backgrounds and Borders
#
# 1. How Do Background Image Size, Repeat, Position, and Attachment Work?
- In CSS, you have several properties at your disposal to control how these images are displayed. 
- background-size, background-repeat, background-position, and background-attachment.
- background-image sets the background image.
body {
  background-image: url("https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/cat-photo-app/relaxing-cat.jpg");
}
- If you want to set the size for the background image, you can use the background-size property.
- You can use contain to scale the images as large as possible without cropping or stretching.
- body {
  background-image: url("https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/cat-photo-app/relaxing-cat.jpg");
  background-size: contain;
  min-height: 100px;
}
- If we change the background-size property to cover value, then the background image will scale to cover the entire body element while maintaining its aspect ratio.
- background-size: cover;
- you can use the background-repeat property with the value set to no-repeat to disable repeating.
- set background-repeat property to no-repeat.
- If you wanted to repeat the background image horizontally, you can use the repeat-x value for the background-repeat property.
- same for repeat-y.
- To position a background image on screen, you can use the background-position property. It allows you to set where in the element the background image appears. There're keywords like top, bottom, left, right, and center, or specific pixel or percentage values.
- background-attachment determines whether the background image scrolls with the content or remains fixed when the page is scrolled.
- there are values like scroll(default), fixed. 
- These properties can combined into background.
- body {
  background: center top fixed
    url("https://cdn.freecodecamp.org/curriculum/cat-photo-app/relaxing-cat.jpg");
}
#
#
# 2. What Is a background Gradient, and How Does It Work?
- Background gradient in CSS is a smooth transition between two or more colors that can be applied to the background of an element. 
- There are two types of gradients in CSS : linear gradients and radial gradients. 
- linear gradient : It transitons color along a straight line. You can define the colors and the directions.
- background: linear-gradient(direction, color-stop1, color-stop2, ...);
- direction specifies the direction of the gradient. It can be angle(such as 45deg), a keyword(to right, to bottom ...), or a side/corner.
- color-stop specifies the colors and positions where the gradient transitions occur. 
- .linear-gradient{
  background: linear-gradient(to right, red, yellow);
  height: 40vh;
}
40 vh means 40% of veiwport height.
to right means the gradient runs horizontally from left to right. 
- background: radial-gradient(shape size at position, color-stop1, color-stop2, ...)
radial-gradient transitions colors radiating from an origrin outward in a circular or elliptical shape. 
- shape size at position would be circle or ellipse.
- The size determines the size of the gradient's ending shape which could be closest-side, closest-corner, farthest-side, farthest-corner, contain, or cover.
- position determines the position of the gradient's center which could be specified using keywords(such as center, top left, bottom right) or precise values(such as 50% 50%, 10px 20px)
- .radial-gradient{
  background: radial-gradient(circle closest-side at center, red, yellow 50%, green);
  height: 60vh;
}
This CSS creates a circular radial gradient centered in the element. It starts with red at the center, transitions to yellow at 50% of the radius, and ends with green.
The closest-side keyword makes the gradient's ending shape fit the closest side of the element.
#
#
# 3. What Are the Different Ways You Can Add Borders Around Images?
- You can add border straightfoward by using the border property.
- img {
  border: 2px solid red;
}
You can adjust the width, style (such as dashed, dotted, or double), and color to suit your design needs.
- or you could choose to add border individualy for each side:
img {
  border-top: 1px solid red;
  border-right: 2px dashed green;
  border-bottom: 3px dotted blue;
  border-left: 4px double yellow;
}
- outline property is another way to create border effect. 
- img {
  outline: 3px solid gold;
}
- img {
  border: 2px solid black;
  border-radius: 10px;
}
 border-radius property used to make round corners.
