# Working with CSS Flexbox
#
# 1. What Is CSS Felxbox, and When Should You Use It?
- To make an HTML element a flex container, you need to add display: flex to its CSS styles.
- Flex items are the direct children of a flex container.
- flex-direction property sets the direction of the main axis. Default value is row.
#
# 2. What Are Some Common Flex Properties, and How Do They Work?
- Flex properties are properties that you can apply to flex containers to determine the distribution of child elements. 
- flex-wrap, justify-content,and align-items are the most commonly used ones. 
1. flex-wrap 
 - It determines how flex items are wrapped within a flex container to fit the available space. 
 - It can have 3 possible values : nowrap, wrap, and wrap-reverse. 
 - nowrap is the default value.
 - main {
  width: 200px;
  display: flex;
  border: 2px solid red;
    }

    div {
    width: 80px;
    height: 50px;
    }

    #first-div {
    background-color: #4d70b2;
    }

    #second-div {
    background-color: #5c4db2;
    }

    #third-div {
    background-color: #4da3b2;
    }
 Three child div elements are combined and their width exceeds the width of the body. If you want to wrap them when they exceed the width of their container, you can set flex-wrap : wrap on the flex container.
 - flex-wrap: wrap;
2. wrap-reverse 
 - You can wrap flex items in reverse order with flex-wrap: rap-reverse.
3. flex-flow 
 - It is a shorthand property for flex-direction and flex-wrap.
 - flex-flow: column wrap-reverse;
4. justify-content
 - It aligns the child elements along the main axis of the flex container.
 - justify-content: flex-start; aligns the child elements to the start of the main axis.
 - justify-content: flex-end; Opposite to flex-start.
 - justify-content: center; Center the flex items.
 - justify-content:space-between; It puts the first item in the start of the container, last item in the end of the container, and add some space between the flex items if needed.   
 - justify-content: space-around; Distributes the elements evenly within the main axis, while leaving half that amount of space at the container’s edges.
 - justify-content: space-evenly; Distributes the elements evenly along main axis. The space between the items and the space before and after the first and last elements are exactly the same. 
5. align-items
 - It distributes the items along the cross axis, which is perpendicular to main axis.
 - align-items: center;
 - align-items: flex-start;
 - align-items: flex-end;
6. align-self
- It assigns a different alignment on the cross axis to an individual flex item.